docs/installation.md, before:

# Installation
API server is a typical Python application, so you can install it with the next steps

1. Go to the application working folder
```bash
cd ./application
```
Notice that work working is not a root one, this is important for the correct program execution.

2. _(optionally, but recommended)_ Create and activate a venv
```bash
python3 -m venv env
# on Unix-based OS
source env/bin/activate 
# on Windows
env\Scripts\activate.bat
```

3. Install dependencies with
```bash
pip3 install -r ../requirements.txt
```
Dependencies include PyTorch. For portability reasons, requirements.txt includes link for the CPU-only build. If you want to use GPU for the generative model, you should change a corresponding line as specified in the [PyTorch user guide](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/).

4. Define environmental variables
```bash
# on Unix-based OS
export DATABASE_URL="dbms://username:password@host:port/database_name"
# used by flask-jwt-extended to create tokens
export JWT_SECRET_KEY="secret!"
# if you want to use flask shell
# or run the application with the flask command 
export FLASK_APP="main.py"
```
```bash
# on Windows
set DATABASE_URL="dbms://username:password@host:port/database_name"
set JWT_SECRET_KEY="secret!"
set FLASK_APP="main.py"
```

5. Now you can run it with
```bash
python3 main.py
```

Commit message:

Production logger, preparing for websockets

docs/installation.md, after:

# Installation
API server is a typical Python application, so you can install it with the next steps

1. Go to the application working folder
```bash
cd ./application
```
Notice that work working is not a root one, this is important for the correct program execution.

2. _(optionally, but recommended)_ Create and activate a venv
```bash
python3 -m venv env
# on Unix-based OS
source env/bin/activate 
# on Windows
env\Scripts\activate.bat
```

3. Install dependencies with
```bash
pip3 install -r ../requirements.txt
```
Dependencies include PyTorch. For portability reasons, requirements.txt includes link for the CPU-only build. If you want to use GPU for the generative model, you should change a corresponding line as specified in the [PyTorch user guide](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/).

4. Define environmental variables
```bash
# on Unix-based OS
export DATABASE_URL="dbms://username:password@host:port/database_name"
# used by flask-jwt-extended to create tokens
export JWT_SECRET_KEY="secret!"
# if you want to use flask shell
# or run the application with the flask command 
export FLASK_APP="main.py"
# log level for production server. One of critical, error, warning, info, debug
export LOG_LEVEL="info"
```
```bash
# on Windows
set DATABASE_URL="dbms://username:password@host:port/database_name"
set JWT_SECRET_KEY="secret!"
set FLASK_APP="main.py"
set LOG_LEVEL="info"
```

5. Now you can run it in development mode with
```bash
python3 main.py
```

For production mode run
```
gunicorn -k flask_sockets.worker main:app --log-level=$LOG_LEVEL
```
